README.md, before:

# README
# SafeSpace

Safe Space is a disaster relief app that is used to check in disaster survivors, and keep an up-to-date status of the disaster relief center (number of people at the center, inventory of supplies, and list of top necessities, for example water, blankets, food, etc.)

## Production & Codebase

You can view the Github repos as well as see the app in production here:

[Frontend Heroku](https://safe-space-fe.herokuapp.com/)

[Frontend Heroku (public-facing)](https://safe-space-ui.herokuapp.com/)

[Backend Heroku](https://safe-space-be.herokuapp.com/)


[Frontend GitHub](https://github.com/jogren/safe-space-fe)

[Frontend GitHub (public-facing)](https://github.com/jogren/cross-poll-ui)

[Backend GitHub](https://github.com/jogren/safe-space-be)

#### You can also view the project board here:
https://github.com/ktsune/safe-space-fe/projects/1

## Setup Instructions

#### How to setup:
    Clone the repo:
    $ git clone git@github.com:ktsune/safe-space-fe.git

    Install npm:
    $ npm install
#### Run tests:
    Run all tests:
    $ npm test

## User Interface

Log-In Page

![Screen Shot 2019-10-31 at 1 03 56 AM](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/11339301/67926441-a63bd900-fb7b-11e9-81d4-218383e0c10b.png)

Navigation Page

![Screen Shot 2019-10-31 at 12 59 39 AM](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/11339301/67926675-3843e180-fb7c-11e9-91e8-a225f16ed3a4.png)

Inventory Page

![Screen Shot 2019-10-31 at 1 10 08 AM](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/11339301/67926500-d1bec380-fb7b-11e9-885e-40019039bdc7.png)
![Screen Shot 2019-10-31 at 1 10 00 AM](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/11339301/67926515-d71c0e00-fb7b-11e9-83a7-7b814e4fd31b.png)

Check-In Page

![Screen Shot 2019-10-31 at 1 10 27 AM](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/11339301/67926588-f4e97300-fb7b-11e9-8b96-65a8a187d347.png)
![Screen Shot 2019-10-31 at 1 11 33 AM](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/11339301/67926589-f4e97300-fb7b-11e9-88a7-3a1672c0715c.png)

Check-Out Visitor Page

![Screen Shot 2019-10-31 at 1 12 13 AM](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/11339301/67926633-177b8c00-fb7c-11e9-8062-4188ee2e6e3b.png)

## Wireframe

<a href="https://cl.ly/71668a7578ce" target="_blank"><img src="https://dzwonsemrish7.cloudfront.net/items/0U2M0j3S0k3P1S3R1R2J/Screen%20Shot%202019-10-30%20at%203.27.34%20PM.png" style="display: block;height: auto;width: 100%;"/></a>

<a href="https://cl.ly/3dc4520a5179" target="_blank"><img src="https://dzwonsemrish7.cloudfront.net/items/1g0p2g31070Q1p1C343N/Screen%20Shot%202019-10-30%20at%203.27.20%20PM.png" style="display: block;height: auto;width: 100%;"/></a>

## Start the Server

```javascript
$ npm start
```

## Contributors

- Ann Cerveny
- [Jacob Ogren](https://github.com/jogren/)
- [Jake Miller](https://github.com/Jake0Miller)
- Sarah Tatro

## Tech Stack List

- React with Hooks
- JavaScript(ES6+)
- CSS3
- HTML5
- Apollo
- Testing with Jest & Enzyme
- Ruby
- Rails
- Postgresql
- Twilio-ruby
- GraphQL

Commit message:

Update link to project board in ReadMe

README.md, after:

# SafeSpace

Safe Space is a disaster relief app that is used to check in disaster survivors, and keep an up-to-date status of the disaster relief center (number of people at the center, inventory of supplies, and list of top necessities, for example water, blankets, food, etc.) All information is published to a donations UI which tells a user what items are most in need at each relief center.

## Production & Codebase

You can view the Github repos as well as see the app in production here:

[Frontend Heroku](https://safe-space-fe.herokuapp.com/)

[Frontend Heroku (public-facing)](https://safe-space-ui.herokuapp.com/)

[Backend Heroku](https://safe-space-be.herokuapp.com/)


[Frontend GitHub](https://github.com/jogren/safe-space-fe)

[Frontend GitHub(public-facing)](https://github.com/jogren/cross-poll-ui)

[Backend GitHub](https://github.com/jogren/safe-space-be)

#### You can also view the project board here:
[Project Board](https://github.com/ktsune/safe-space-fe/projects/1)

## Setup Instructions

#### How to setup:
    Clone the repo:
    $ git clone git@github.com:ktsune/safe-space-fe.git

    Install npm:
    $ npm install
#### Run tests:
    Run all tests:
    $ npm test

## User Interface

Log-In Page

![Screen Shot 2019-10-31 at 1 03 56 AM](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/11339301/67926441-a63bd900-fb7b-11e9-81d4-218383e0c10b.png)

Navigation Page

![Screen Shot 2019-10-31 at 12 59 39 AM](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/11339301/67926675-3843e180-fb7c-11e9-91e8-a225f16ed3a4.png)

Inventory Page

![Screen Shot 2019-10-31 at 1 10 08 AM](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/11339301/67926500-d1bec380-fb7b-11e9-885e-40019039bdc7.png)
![Screen Shot 2019-10-31 at 1 10 00 AM](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/11339301/67926515-d71c0e00-fb7b-11e9-83a7-7b814e4fd31b.png)

Check-In Page

![Screen Shot 2019-10-31 at 1 10 27 AM](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/11339301/67926588-f4e97300-fb7b-11e9-8b96-65a8a187d347.png)
![Screen Shot 2019-10-31 at 1 11 33 AM](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/11339301/67926589-f4e97300-fb7b-11e9-88a7-3a1672c0715c.png)

Check-Out Visitor Page

![Screen Shot 2019-10-31 at 1 12 13 AM](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/11339301/67926633-177b8c00-fb7c-11e9-8062-4188ee2e6e3b.png)

## Wireframe

<a href="https://cl.ly/71668a7578ce" target="_blank"><img src="https://dzwonsemrish7.cloudfront.net/items/0U2M0j3S0k3P1S3R1R2J/Screen%20Shot%202019-10-30%20at%203.27.34%20PM.png" style="display: block;height: auto;width: 100%;"/></a>

<a href="https://cl.ly/3dc4520a5179" target="_blank"><img src="https://dzwonsemrish7.cloudfront.net/items/1g0p2g31070Q1p1C343N/Screen%20Shot%202019-10-30%20at%203.27.20%20PM.png" style="display: block;height: auto;width: 100%;"/></a>

## Start the Server

```javascript
$ npm start
```

## Contributors

- Ann Cerveny
- [Jacob Ogren](https://github.com/jogren/)
- [Jake Miller](https://github.com/Jake0Miller)
- Sarah Tatro

## Tech Stack List

- React with Hooks
- JavaScript(ES6+)
- CSS3
- HTML5
- Apollo
- Testing with Jest & Enzyme
- Ruby
- Rails
- Postgresql
- Twilio-ruby
- GraphQL
